Created Sample -DisplayRouteLayer (#795)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: feature_layers/display-route-layer/README.md

> # Display map

Reviewer: You need to update the README to match the Display Route Layer sample as per the sample design

Author: Updated README

# Display route layer

Display a route layer and its directions using feature collection.

> ![Image of display map](DisplayRouteLayer.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Image of display route layer](DisplayRouteLayer.png)
```

## Use case

Routes can be stored as feature collection layers. These layers can store useful information such as directions, estimated trip time, and more.

> You can create a route layer in ArcGIS Pro and store a route layer as a portal item, making it easy to access, share, or display.
> ## How to use the sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a route layer in ArcGIS Pro and store a route layer as a portal item, making it easy to access, share, or display.

## How to use the sample
```

> Pan and zoom to view the route displayed by the feature collection layer. Tap the toolbar button to view the list of directions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pan and zoom to view the route displayed by the feature collection layer. The list of directions are displayed in the UI.
```
We need to alter this slightly to make sense for our app (on iOS their directions are hidden behind a button, but here we are just displaying ours)

## How it works

> 1. Create an AGSPortalItem with the item ID.
> 2. Create and load an AGSFeatureCollection with the item.
> 3. After loading, get the specified AGSFeatureCollectionTable by name.
> 4. Create an array of AGSFeatures.
> 5. Get the direction text from the attributes of each feature in the array.
> 6. Create an AGSFeatureCollectionLayer with the feature collection and set it to the map's operationalLayers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a `PortalItem` with the item ID.
2. Create and load a `FeatureCollection` with the item.
3. After loading, get the specified `FeatureCollectionTable` by name.
4. Create an array of `Feature`s.
5. Get the direction text from the attributes of each feature.
6. Create a `FeatureCollectionLayer` with the feature collection and set it to the map's operationalLayers.
```
We need to use Java classes here, and also we can display them like code using a back tick.

## Relevant API

> * AGSFeatureCollection
> * AGSFeatureCollectionLayer
> * AGSFeatureCollectionTable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FeatureCollection
* FeatureCollectionLayer
* FeatureCollectionTable
```
Amend to Java classes

# Display route layer

> Display a route layer and its directions using feature collection.

Reviewer 2: I recognise it's written like this in common samples but IMO "using a feature collection" is more sensible than "using feature collection".

> ![Image of display route layer](DisplayRouteLayer.png)

Reviewer 2: Image needs to be 800*400, not contain the "Licensed for developer use" text, and not include the title bar. Use this one I made if it suits.

<img width="400" alt="DisplayRouteLayer" src="https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-java-samples/assets/67012037/86efd06f-7244-4668-8d3e-c3dfc663c195">

## Use case

Routes can be stored as feature collection layers. These layers can store useful information such as directions, estimated trip time, and more.

You can create a route layer in ArcGIS Pro and store a route layer as a portal item, making it easy to access, share, or display.

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom to view the route displayed by the feature collection layer. The list of directions are displayed in the UI.

## How it works

> 1. Create an `PortalItem` with the item ID.

Reviewer 2: Change "an" to "a" on the first two points here.
